Update to work with JBallerina (#33)
ballerina-guides/ballerina-demo: README.md

accessTokenSecret = ""
```

## Curl

Download from: [https://curl.haxx.se/download.html](https://curl.haxx.se/download.html) 

Before starting your demo, delete all the old tweets - manually or by using **twitter_cleanup.bal** script that ships with the demo:

```
ballerina run twitter_cleanup.bal --b7a.config.file=twitter.toml

curl -X DELETE localhost:9090/B7aDemo/0
```

![image alt text](img/image_4.png)

## Folders & Files

> The structure described below is  for the VS Code plug-in to properly work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The structure described below is for the VS Code plug-in to properly work.
```

## Hello World

> In the terminal pane of VS Code (or in the terminal window), open the `meetup` project. Inside the root folder of the project.

Reviewer: Second sentence  appears to be incomplete..?

            agent: "ballerina"
        };
        http:Response res = new;
        res.setPayload(<@untainted> myJson);

        _ = check caller->respond(res);
        return;
    }
}
```

That is it - let’s go ahead and build it from project root:

```
$ ballerina build demo
Compiling source
        demo.bal

Generating executables
        demo.jar

Generating artifacts...

        @kubernetes:Service                      - complete 1/1
        @kubernetes:ConfigMap                    - complete 1/1
        @kubernetes:Deployment                   - complete 1/1
        @kubernetes:Docker                       - complete 2/2 
        @kubernetes:Helm                         - complete 1/1

        Run the following command to deploy the Kubernetes artifacts: 
        kubectl apply -f /home/ballerina/demo/target/kubernetes/demo

        Run the following command to install the application using Helm: 
        helm install --name ballerina-demo /home/ballerina/demo/ballerina-demo
```

> You can see that it created a folder called kubernetes and put the deployment artifacts and the docker image in the target repo at the project root.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can observe that a directory containing kubernetes deployment artifacts along with the docker image, getting generated inside the target repo at the project root.
```
I've reworded this a bit.

And then go to the twitter browser window, keep refreshing it and seeing new tweets still coming.

## OpenAPI

API management is an important part of modern architectures and comes standard with Ballerina.

It includes ability to use external API gateways or built-in microgateway with security policies such as basic authentication, OAuth, and scopes.

It also knows OpenAPI - can generate services based on OpenAPI and export interfaces as OpenAPI.

To generate OpenAPI definition of our service simply run:

```
$ ballerina openapi gen-contract hello -i demo.bal

> Note: This is an Experimental tool ship under ballerina hence this will only support limited set of functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: This is an experimental tool shipped under ballerina hence this will only support a limited set of functionality.
```

Author: That is the result we are getting when running the command. We need to fix it

Author: Created an issue https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang/issues/18990
